第一段

Recently, the problem/issue/phenomenon of ... has aroused people's concern/has been brought into focus. It goes without saying that + 完整的句子. 

观点选择：There are overwhelming differences in the individual perspectives on this issue. Some hold that priority should be give to xx1, while other take the attitude that xx2 is the most critical factor.

问题解决：XXX is yet another of the new and bitter truth we have to learn to face constantly. Consequently, it matters a great deal to handle XXX in a reasonable and rational manner in current society. 

图表类：As is depicted vividly from the drawing/chart. There is/are 主人公 doing sth, which merits thoughtful pondering. 

第二段：

观点选择：As to myself, l prefer the latter view. 

问题解决：无，直接下一句

图表类：What lies behind the drawing is explicit: ....

The fundamental countermeasures that we should take be summarized as blow.

Firstly, the local administration bureau/the mass media/ universities, supposed to play a crucial role in (doing sth eg: curbing these sorts of problems 或 enhancing these ideas),make(s) it possible for us to 事件1和事件2（eg: keep abreast of the latest news and spare no efforts to achieve our goals ） 

Secondly, efforts should be made to encourage sb to do sth(动词后直接跟一个名词),  do sth, and do sth.

Finally, XXX , 同位语（eg: ）,ought to do sth by xxself.

结尾段：

Accordingly, I recommend that some measures be(are) taken. Only through these actions can we have a glorious future.

例子：Accordingly, I recommend that( revise plan , plant tree and respect old man )are taken. Only through these actions can we have a glorious future.